October 14, 2011
VERSION 1.0
6Jan2012
C. Duke
Grinnell College

Understanding the coordinate systems used in our simulation codes is always difficult,
especially if your memory is as bad as mine.  So, these descriptions should help.

GrISU ground coordinate system 
      The GrISU Cherenkov photon files use the following axes:
      	  x: East
	  y: South
	  z: down
      to form a right-handed system. 

GrOptics ground coordinate system
      The incoming GrISU produced incoming photons are immediately transformed
      to the system:
         x: East
	 y: North
	 z: up
      forming a right-handed system. Note that the telescope locations in the
      VERITAS GrISU configuration file use this coordinate system.

Telescope coordinate system
     Each telescope has a coordinate system with origin at the telescope rotation 
     point and with z axis pointed toward the sky along the optic axis of the 
     telescope.  In stow position (DC telescopes), the z axis is horizontal, the y axis is down, and 
     the x axis is toward the East.  To point the telescope to a given location on the 
     sky, first rotate the telescope about the vertical through the azimuthal angle. 
     Then, raise the telescope about its new x axis through the elevation angle.  This
     new coordinate system is the "telescope coordinate system".  Prior to injection 
     into the GTelescope class, the photons undergo a coordinate transformation to this
     telescope coordinate system.

Array coordinate system
     Prior to added pointing misalignments, all telescopes point to the same location
     on the sky.  The array coordinate system points to this same location, but its
     origin is at the at the origin of the array.

Camera coordinate system
     For historical reasons, the camera coordinate system's y axis is a reflection of the 
     y-axis of the telescope coordinate system. For the veritas telescope, stand in from of the
     camera with the telescope in stow position. The camera y axis is up and the camera x axis
     is to your right (to the East).  The telescope y-axis is down; its x axis is to the right.

     In the output tree of grOptics, the photon locations on the camera are in camera coordinates,
     both for DC and for SC telescopes.  I'll add an input flag later to select photon camera
     locations in either telescope or camera coordinates.
