November 2, 2016
Charlie Duke

ToDo list
Not in priority order.

1. doxygen code documentation (started).  Karan, we could decide on a
format for describing each class and its input and return parameters
and then divide up the classes for adding doxygen comments.

2. code documentation/overview in Users Guide.  Should provide an
introduction to the code structure for developers.

3. Is there a better, easier to understand, way to move the
configuration data into the factories.  We could use a static
data class as Gernot does in eventdisplay; maybe there's a nice design
pattern to use?  Or, maybe it's ok as is.

The goal is to be able to have more than one concrete configuration
reader class that is set in the grOptics.cpp code with no changes
elsewhere.  I suspect that "friend" designation in the SegSC factory
will create problems if the reader class is different?

4. Check out draw telescope options in the pilot file, e.g. DC vs SC
telescopes.  May want to trap these for DC telescopes???

5. check telescope printing options. are all parameters printed and is
format of the printout easy to understand (and does it look nice)?

6. I don't believe the TESTTEL option is working for the SegSC
telescope?  We should review what the TESTTEL option should do.  My
original ideal was to inject a set of photons that are specified in
the code rather than in a photon file and create a set of histograms.
This option at one time worked fine for SC telescopes, but I don't
beiieve it ever worked correctly for SegSC telescopes???  I don't
remember the details.  Need to check this out.


Older todo's from several years ago.
1. don't require an input photon file with using TESTTEL and DRAWTEL
2. finish doxygen code documentation (underway)
3. finish first draft of UsersGuide and DevelopersGuide
4. set up pilot record for use of TPolyLine3D photon traces 
5. add commandLine -h option (Done 7/16)
6. add correct verion number in GDefinition.h (Done 7/16)
7. recheck telescope printing options 
8. take out cameraRadius record in geo pilot file.
9. separate draw telescope records for DC and SC telescopes
   since they can have different options. Add facet drawings
   to DC telescope drawer.
10. valgrind/alleyoop to remove memory leaks (Done 9/29)
11. change deletes to SafeDelete's  / rerun valgrind (Done 9/29)
12. determine memory usage (Done 9/28: 18 MB/telescopeSCorDC)
13. facet number in editrecords start at 0 rather than 1 while
    telescope numbers start at 1. Change facet numbering to 1...
    May be easier to have defaults for reflectivity curve and for 
    degradation factor - as is if no entries. Then easier to change
    blur radius only.
